Remember when I said Custom Partitioner is wrong for most systems?
Here is the proof.
Quick reminder, try 1.five times speed if you haven't already Quick reminder, try 1.five times speed if you haven't already.
I saved the best insight for right here,  Now let's see the Java version.
Here's a TierPartitioner class in java.
The TierPartitioner method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.Partitioner module.
Now we define our TierPartitioner class implementing Partitioner — this encapsulates all the complexity in one clean interface.
Here we handle the Object value, byte[] valueByte operation.
At this point, we check if the values match — to handle the edge case that trips up most developers.
This is where we apply the @Override public void close decorator — for O of 1 constant time lookups.
This is why hash maps are interview gold.
we log the output to verify it works.